README.md, before:

# Selective Readings

## Stories

- [The Original Macintosh](https://www.folklore.org) - Anecdotes about the development of Apple's
  original Macintosh, and the people who made it

## Handbooks

- [Basecamp Employee Handbook](https://github.com/basecamp/handbook)
- [VALVE handbook for new employees](http://media.steampowered.com/apps/valve/Valve_NewEmployeeHandbook.pdf)
- [Barsoom developers's handbook](https://github.com/barsoom/devbook)
- [Thoughtbot's guides](https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides)

## Management

- [Your team should work like an open source project](http://2ndscale.com/rtomayko/2012/adopt-an-open-source-process-constraints)
- [My best manager did this...](http://ask.metafilter.com/300002/My-best-manager-did-this)
- [Show How, Don't Tell What - A Management Style](http://2ndscale.com/rtomayko/2012/management-style)
- [Engineering Management](http://algeri-wong.com/yishan/engineering-management.html) by Yishan Wong, ex-Facebook Engineering
- [101 Qs to Ask in 1-1](https://jasonevanish.com/2014/05/29/101-questions-to-ask-in-1-on-1s)
- [44 engineering management lessons](http://www.defmacro.org/2014/10/03/engman.html)

## Writings

Books: [The Element of Style][teos], [On Writing Well][owl]

[teos]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Elements_of_Style
[owl]: https://www.amazon.com/Writing-Well-Classic-Guide-Nonfiction/dp/0060891548

## Books

- [Rework](https://37signals.com/rework), [Remote](https://37signals.com/remote)
- [Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surely_You%27re_Joking,_Mr._Feynman!)

## Science

- [Cargo Cult Science by RICHARD P. FEYNMAN](http://calteches.library.caltech.edu/51/2/CargoCult.htm)

## Open Source

- [Open Source Contribution Etiquette](http://tirania.org/blog/archive/2010/Dec-31.html)

## Culture

- [CULTURE AT NETFLIX](https://jobs.netflix.com/culture)

## Blogs

- [Patrick McKenzie](http://www.kalzumeus.com)
- [Paul Graham](https://paulgraham.com)
- [Coding Horror](https://blog.codinghorror.com)
- [Zach Holman](https://zachholman.com)

## Ruby

- [Ruby's all weird things](https://idiosyncratic-ruby.com/)

Commit message:

Add Week In Review post

README.md, after:

# Selective Readings

## Stories

- [The Original Macintosh](https://www.folklore.org) - Anecdotes about the development of Apple's
  original Macintosh, and the people who made it

## Handbooks

- [Basecamp Employee Handbook](https://github.com/basecamp/handbook)
- [VALVE handbook for new employees](http://media.steampowered.com/apps/valve/Valve_NewEmployeeHandbook.pdf)
- [Barsoom developers's handbook](https://github.com/barsoom/devbook)
- [Thoughtbot's guides](https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides)

## Management

- [WIR: Week In Review](http://www.mikemcgarr.com/blog/week-in-review.html) - How Manager shares
  information to team members
- [Your team should work like an open source project](http://2ndscale.com/rtomayko/2012/adopt-an-open-source-process-constraints)
- [My best manager did this...](http://ask.metafilter.com/300002/My-best-manager-did-this)
- [Show How, Don't Tell What - A Management Style](http://2ndscale.com/rtomayko/2012/management-style)
- [Engineering Management](http://algeri-wong.com/yishan/engineering-management.html) by Yishan Wong, ex-Facebook Engineering
- [101 Qs to Ask in 1-1](https://jasonevanish.com/2014/05/29/101-questions-to-ask-in-1-on-1s)
- [44 engineering management lessons](http://www.defmacro.org/2014/10/03/engman.html)

## Writings

Books: [The Element of Style][teos], [On Writing Well][owl]

[teos]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Elements_of_Style
[owl]: https://www.amazon.com/Writing-Well-Classic-Guide-Nonfiction/dp/0060891548

## Books

- [Rework](https://37signals.com/rework), [Remote](https://37signals.com/remote)
- [Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surely_You%27re_Joking,_Mr._Feynman!)

## Science

- [Cargo Cult Science by RICHARD P. FEYNMAN](http://calteches.library.caltech.edu/51/2/CargoCult.htm)

## Open Source

- [Open Source Contribution Etiquette](http://tirania.org/blog/archive/2010/Dec-31.html)

## Culture

- [CULTURE AT NETFLIX](https://jobs.netflix.com/culture)

## Blogs

- [Patrick McKenzie](http://www.kalzumeus.com)
- [Paul Graham](https://paulgraham.com)
- [Coding Horror](https://blog.codinghorror.com)
- [Zach Holman](https://zachholman.com)

## Ruby

- [Ruby's all weird things](https://idiosyncratic-ruby.com/)
